hang on we'll get you out of here
[Music]
your brother's here yeah this is the
best amusement park we've ever been to
dad look don't those marble brain Mario
Brothers know they're helping aliens
yeah
serves them right of them 20-foot tall
aliens ate them up with their sward like
Junie
Oh caused its head that's the first
trick of sneaky alien place I think he
lives to find human form to trick the
Mario Brothers in that I'll bring them
but I'll I'll trick them all
Jane chops away I dress the part
wherever I may be we're underwater aware
what I caught a swipe the enemy ribbit I
can dig in my pocket I can see hour by
hour a tower of power every day in a
ball in the dirt
hour by hour a tower of power whenever
I'd be in a bra I am able to win when I
got a bad
I swim like a frog
in my boxer hour-by-hour power
[Music]
is that repulsive reptile captured the
real world errs now bet you 3 spaghetti
stew 1 lasagna he's taking them to
Castle Combe yeah turn back into
you're 20 feet tall snake spewing
fluoride monsters real selves dad what's
going on
this green geezer is really bazan 'ok
they think i'd rather be back home are
you wild Waldo because if you are this
is no way to run an amusement park I
don't know what you are where we are but
I'm reporting you to my travel agent in
human form
dang don't worry sis real trick room
right too deep I will trick them how we
gonna trick them cookie I'll run em
through with my new look transmutation
of brain wave analyzer and we'll learn
all the secret plans to conquer the
Mushroom Kingdom when we know all their
plans will use them ourselves
uh presently treacherous son the huh
what more can a villain ask for
it figures dad would take us someplace
that turned out to be rank I meant just
about enough of this this is not fun
anymore
quick quick make sure cookies invention
can follow me and I'll get you to a warp
zone so you can go home
warp zone what are you talking about who
are you are you uncle Waldo this is all
highly irregular I demand an explanation
later Norman let's just get out of here
I'll explain on the way
hurry we left the engine running in your
station wagon just drive in and I'll
take you back to the real world
hey have a safe trip everybody thanks
for all your help
look us up if you ever come to Wichita
[Music]
these are gone who cares if the aliens
are God cookie got all the secret plans
right out of that braids sorry King dad
my analyzer says they really were real
world people what they were planning to
go to wild world as amusement park then
who started the rumor favored aliens
[Music]
are we there yet